- A hot take, I don't think
a cinema is a good first date.
- Why cause you can't- - No 'cause you can't...
[both laughing]
- Can't chat, really.
- Yeah why would that make you laugh though.
- Hi Vogue, I'm Jessie Buckley.
- I'm Paul Mescal and this is "Off the Cuff".
- [Jessie] Icebreaker. - [Paul] Yeah.
[Paul laughs]
- What... - What...
[both sputtering]
What three words would you use to describe me?
10 points extra if they rhyme.
- Oh heart, horse... [Jessie laughs]
- Heart, horse.
- Heart, horse, super talented.
- That's four words, alright I'll take that.
- Can I start again?
- Heart, horse, super talented.
- Yeah heart, horse, super talented.
- Great, none of them rhyme but I like them.
- What's the most I'm an actor thing you've done today.
- Having a ginger shot I think is pretty actory.
Do you not think? - Oh yeah, yeah.
I wore sunglasses getting my coffee today
and it's like raining.
You smoking is such an actory thing to do.
Marlon Brando land.
- If the fate of the universe rested on you,
being able to recite a movie perfectly,
scene by scene, what's your pick?
- We spend a lot of time over Christmas
watching "The Grinch".
My sisters can recite that like from back to front
and some of those lines have been seared into my memory.
I mean, Jim Carey's
a legend. - Genius.
- Does Shakespeare have craic?
- Shakespeare has loads of craic.
- [Jessie] I think he has craic.
- I think he has loads of craic.
- He's an animal. - He's an animal.
I'd say he gets up to...
I'd say he like has great craic in London.
- Yeah he loves a few pints.
- He loves a few pints, he operates off adrenaline.
And I think people who operate
off adrenaline and then go craic.
- [Jessie] Yeah, yeah great craic.
- What's something you've seen on the internet recently
that you're obsessed with?
- My husband's showed me these videos
of parents cracking eggs over baby's heads.
- I've seen this.
- It's really wrong but quite funny.
- And the look of like absolute like-
- Shock. - Betrayal.
- Betrayal, yeah betray.
- They're like...
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, what about you?
- I'm kind of obsessed with baseball at the moment.
- Oh.
- Yeah got into a big Red Sox fan.
Do you remember your first social media profile picture?
Bonus question, was it Bebo, MySpace, or Facebook?
- I think it's probably Facebook,
I don't know what that picture was.
- Bebo, I remember Bebo. - What's Bebo?
- You don't remember Bebo,
where it was like you'd have 20 top friends
and I used to put like girls
who I'd never spoken to in my year that I fancied
and be like, put them in my top five friends
hoping that I would make it-
- Of course you got casted in "Normal People".
- For Christ's sake, I remember being like-
- For Christ's sake. - It was so embarrassing.
- If you could choose one Irish word
to teach the world, what would it be?
- Fáinleog is a great Irish word.
- Fáinleog.
- For the bird swallow, the bird.
I think it's such a gorgeous word.
And swallows, I have a tattoo of a swallow that I love.
One of my favorite birds.
- I'm thinking about The Gloaming.
- Yeah "Fáinleog" is a Gloaming song.
- Is it but I love all the lyrics
of that, of "Samhradh, Samhradh".
- And samhradh Gaelic means summer.
- Yeah.
- And the whole song is about giving summer to each other.
- Yeah. - Of like this summer of love,
"I gave summer to you in that summer".
- [Paul] It's gorgeous. - It's such a beautiful song.
So samhradh and you should listen to that song.
- Yeah round two, getting personal.
Can you split the G? - What?
- Can you split the G? - What's that?
- You drinking pint of Guinness and you split...
You know what a splitting the G is, Jessie.
- Oh it means that you keep the white thing at the top.
- [Paul] Yeah. - I can't do that.
- [Paul] You can't. - No, I'd be sick.
Can you? - Sometimes, yeah.
- [Jessie] Oh well done. - I can split the G.
- What is something that never fails to make you laugh?
- People falling over in the street, it's funny.
- Yeah, it is. - It's just funny.
And then when they look at the pavement
as if it's the pavement's fault, that's hilarious.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah they talk.
- Yeah they go... [Paul sighs]
[Jessie scoffing] It's ridiculous.
What's the first thing you do when you go back to Ireland?
- I eat a slice of my dad's brown bread.
- Lovely. - Hot out of the oven.
- Lovely. - With loads of butter.
- Kerrygold butter. - Marmalade, cup of tea.
Where can you get the best pint of Guinness in London?
- The Toucan. - Toucan, I think.
- The Toucan, The Toucan. - Downstairs?
- The Auld Shillelagh, in Stoke Newington.
- Yeah.
- What's a small hill you're willing to die on?
Like an aggressively small, arguably trivial one.
I like that question.
- I don't really want to die on a hill.
- Okay that's great, that's a great answer.
Round three career questions.
What's the boldest acting choice you've ever made?
- I dunno, choosing to do the job.
It's always scary.
- [Paul] That's a hard question.
- It's always scary to do a job.
What film makes you feel the most nostalgic?
- "Santa Claus I". - Oh...
- My mom loves that film so much,
and we watch that around Christmas every year.
- If you could go back in time
and be cast in "The Office",
what role would you most want to play and why?
- I think I'm more of a Jim
than any of the other characters but I don't...
I would love to be Steve Carell or Dwight.
Who would you play?
- I'm not up to date with "The Office".
- You haven't seen "The Office"?
- I haven't like... - It's worth it.
- There's too many things to watch.
- [Paul] Yeah.
- What's your most irrational audition superstition?
- No, I don't have any irrational audition superstitions.
- When I got the script for "Beast", I loved it so much.
It was my first ever film and I kept it under my bed.
I remember I'd read...
I'd like heard that Marion Cotillard had kept
maybe "La Vie en Rose" under her bed
or like "Rust and Bone".
And I was like, I'm going to keep "Beast" under my bed
until I get it, and then I got it, so thanks Marion.
- Who do you go to for outfit advice?
- My stylist. - Yeah.
- Or my sisters who are pretty brutal actually.
- Yeah.
- If you could appear in any franchise just for fun,
but nobody would know it was you, what would it be?
- I'm thinking of like the first three "Indiana Jones" films
but I would like...
You can know it's me and I'm not like, that would be...
- You'd be fine with that.
- I'd be absolutely fine with that.
[Paul whooshes]
That's the whip. - Yeah.
[both laughing]
Guess the look.
- I'll show you this Jessie, guess this.
- Oh it's when I performed for the Queen.
- You performed for the Queen?
- Yeah it's when I played Liza Doolittle
in "Pygmalion" for the Queen.
- Look at you. - On her...
It was like her Jubilee or something.
- Unbelievable. - And what's that?
- That is Met Gala. - [Jessie] Well done.
- What is this?
What are those? - They're my Converse?
- Where were you wearing it?
- God only knows.
Oh that was my first London film festival.
- Oh you're a baby.
- I was such a little baby.
What's this?
- That's Oscars.
- You're so much more like spic and span than me.
- [Paul] Spic and span.
- That was my Alexander McQueen.
- That is- - Jumpsuit.
I loved that. - Come on.
- That was class...
- That was class. [both laughing]
- What's this?
- That is my t-shirt, the Timberland t-shirt
that I have, which I love.
- It's a brilliant T-shirt.
- A great, great t-shirt. - Timberland.
- Yeah it's a vintage T-shirt, what's this?
- The RODARTE dress I wore the Oscars last year.
- Come on. - Love that dress.
- Come on, it's a lightning round.
A concert or festival? - Festival.
Fontaines or The Cranberries? - Oh...
Cranberries. - I think Fontaines.
- But they're both like... - I mean...
- Actually, I can't pick between those two.
I know I said Cranberries first but I take that back.
I saw the Fontaines in Finsbury Park,
they're fuckin' unbelievable to see.
Good guy or bad guy? - Bad guy.
Shorts or jeans? [both laughing]
- Bad guy.
Shorts or jeans. - Shorts obviously.
- Jeans, jeans.
Shorts- - Come off it,
you're known for your shorts.
To be or not to be? - To be.
[Jessie cooing]
- Early call time or late night shoot?
- Early call time.
Potato sandwich or bacon sandwich?
- Bacon sandwich.
Finding 20 euros in your pocket
or finding a snack you forgot you bought?
- Snack.
- But think about all the snacks you could buy with 20 quid.
- What if you're not near a shop?
- Okay.
- Complain about the rain or complain about the cold.
- Don't. - [Jessie] Don't complain.
- Don't complain.
Long takes or quick cuts?
- Oh sometimes you just need long takes.
- Long takes for sure.
Quick cuts? - Yeah, yeah true.
Justice or revenge. - Revenge.
Tragedy or comedy. - Tragedy.
- Yeah, for sure. - Tragic.
Left or right?
- Right.
Yeah thank you... [Paul laughing]
- Thank you for watching this.
- [Paul] Thank you for watching.
- This has been cut off.
- This has been cut.
- This has been "Off The Cuff".
- This has been cut off.
- You're cut off from us.
- That is shocking. - Get outta here.
- Thank you for watching, this has been "Off The Cuff".
- Bye-bye. [calming jazz music]